feat(domains): weekly review (#3606)
scaleway/docs-content: network/domains-and-dns/how-to/register-internal-domain.mdx

- [Added a credit card](/console/billing/quickstart/#how-to-add-a-payment-method) to your account

1. Click **Domains and DNS** in the **Network** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. The Domains and DNS dashboard displays.
2. Click **+ Search domain name**.
3. Enter the domain name you wish to register in the search bar.

> 4. Click the search icon to verify the domain is available. A selection of available domain names appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the search icon to check the domain availability. A selection of available domain names appears.
```
